v2019.1.x: bump OpenWrt and other feeds and add v2019.1.1 release notes (#1897)
freifunk-gluon/gluon: docs/releases/v2019.1.1.rst

Gluon 2019.1.1
##############

Bugfixes
********

* Fixes device alias for Ubiquiti UniFi AC LR. (`#1834 <https://github.com/freifunk-gluon/gluon/issues/1834>`_)

* Uses correct ath10k firmware for OCEDO Koala. (`#1838 <https://github.com/freifunk-gluon/gluon/pull/1838>`_)

> * Fixes various batman-adv bugs with backports from 2019.4 and 2019.5 by updating the openwrt-routing packages feed.

Reviewer: As v2018.2.4.

Author: i took the text adjustments from v2018.2.4

> * Fixes node role list.  (`#1851 <https://github.com/freifunk-gluon/gluon/issues/1851>`_)

Reviewer: Be a little bit more verbose. What was broken, who was affected, how was it fixed? Otherwise endusers need to visit every link to know what happened.

Author: i added a sentence below this line

Gluon 2019.1.1
##############

Bugfixes
********

* Fixes device alias for Ubiquiti UniFi AC LR. (`#1834 <https://github.com/freifunk-gluon/gluon/issues/1834>`_)
  Autoupdates on this model were impossible before, since we were missing the proper device alias.

* Add correct ath10k firmware package for OCEDO Koala. (`#1838 <https://github.com/freifunk-gluon/gluon/pull/1838>`_)

* Fixes various batman-adv bugs with backports from 2019.4 and 2019.5 by updating the openwrt-routing packages feed.

* Fixes node role list.  (`#1851 <https://github.com/freifunk-gluon/gluon/issues/1851>`_)

>   With Gluon v2019.1 it wasn't possible anymore to change the role of a node via the config mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  With Gluon v2019.1 it became impossible to change the role of a node via the config mode.
```

Author: done
